"Bath time, Geraldine," Mama called.

"Willie first," Geraldine called back. "I'm always first," Willie cried. "Not true," Geraldine shouted. 

"Don't shout, Geraldine," Papa scolded. "We'll have dinner," Mama said, and she signed.

"Ugh," said Geraldine when she came into the kitchen. "No beans." "Beans make you strong," Papa said. "I'm strong now," Geraldine insisted, and she picked up Willie and plopped him into his chair.

"No beans," Willie said, and he giggled. "Don't copy me," Geraldine said.

"Carrots are bad too," she grumbled, and she took them off her plate. "Carrots are good for your eyes," said Papa, and he put them back. "Maybe if I don't eat them, I won't see Willie," Geraldine argued, and she made a face. <q(e) How does Geraldine feel about carrots? Can you show me with your face? /q><h Look at Geraldine’s face! How does it look? Can you show me with your face? /h><a negative /a>

Willie made a face too. "Stop coping me, Willie," Geraldine snapped.

Geraldine drank her milk and held up the glass to look through the bottom. "I can see you," she said to Papa. Willie held up his glass too. "I can see you, Geraldine," he said.

Geraldine put down her glass with a thud. "I Said don't copy me, Willie!" "That's enough, Geraldine," Mama said sternly.

Geraldine didn't want any dessert, so she went to play in her room.

Willie came in later to see what she was doing. Geraldine was building a tower with her blocks. Willie built one too. <q(f) What were Geraldine and Willie doing in her room? /q><h Look at the picture! What are they doing with the blocks? /h><a tower;building /a>

"Uh-ohhhh," he cried when his tower toppled onto Geraldine's. "I'm sure he didn't mean it," Mama told Geraldine. "I'll help you make another one," Papa offered.

"No," Geraldine said angrily. "No," Willie echoed. Geraldine gnashed her teeth. "Willie, WILL YOU PLEASE STOP COPYING ME!" "Put away your toys now, Geraldine," Mama said. "It's getting late." <q(f) Why was Geraldine angry at Willie? /q><h Think about what Willie kept doing. /h><a copying /a>

In a few minutes Willie heard Geraldine banging around in her room. He peeked in the door. "What are you doing, Geraldine?" he whispered. "Cleaning," Geraldine mumbled, and she picked up some blocks.

Willie picked up a block too, and Geraldine groaned. Then she smiled… "Willie," she said," I have to clean my room. Don't get in the way."

She picked up a few more blocks and waited.

"Now I'll put away the doll's clothes," she announced loudly.

Geraldine picked up a book and a few crayons. 

But when she started to put away the tea set, Willie didn't budge. "I'm tired," He said, and he left. Geraldine laughed. Then she went to find Mama.

"I'm ready for my bath," she said. "Willie is tired, so I'll be first." "Geraldine is first!" Mama proclaimed. "And first is just fine with me. How about some bubble bath?" Geraldine nodded happily, and Mama took her upstairs.
