In the dark swamp, a new day dawned like a sleepy eye, opening slowly. A small wooden boat floated, nudged against some mud.

The mud was soft and sandy. A mother raccoon with her young came to dig and search for food. 

Mother found a crunchy crawfish. Two of the young raccoons dug for crawfish near the boat. The third young raccoon was not hungry. He wanted to climb. <q(f) what did the mother and young racoons find in the mud /q> <h It has "fish" in its name /h> <a crawfish /a>

The hungry raccoons quickly dug up all the mud around the boat. With no sticky mud to hold it, the boat began to float away. 

The raccoon in the boat looked up. A chill ran down his spine. He was drifting in the boat, alone. He was on his own for the very first time. Afraid to jump into the dark water, he stared back at the mud bank. The boat silently carried him downstream. <q(e) How did the young raccoon feel? Can you show me the expression along with the word? /q> <h How would you feel if you were stuck in a boat? /h> <a negative;afraid /a>

The raccoon reached up to grab a sturdy branch and climb out of the moving boat. But the branch was too high.

The boat glided under another branch. This branch was low enough to climb. But the raccoon saw the shape of a long snake draped across the branch, and he ducked down. 

He crawled to the other end of the boat. Downstream, he saw shadowy shapes of plants and trees sticking up out of the water. The raccoon looked down into the dark stream and saw a raccoon looking back! His reflection kept him company as the boat moved along, through air so still, on water so smooth.

As the boat passed through a bunch of water lilies, something huge made a great splash.

It was a great big alligator that had been hiding under the lily pads.

"Zweet, zweet, zweet," came a sound from above. The raccoon looked up and saw five young warblers. "Zweet, zweet, zweet," the birds called down. The raccoon "churred" back.

Three tiny turtles swam up to the boat. The raccoon reached into the water to touch one turtle's shell, and all three scattered away.

A mother merganser paddled by, leading her nine little ducklings. The raccoon watched the ducklings swimming close to their mother.

Suddenly, the boat bumped into another mud bank and stopped. The raccoon saw his family coming to meet him. He ran to his mother.

And just like that, they were all together again. Downstream.


